Clarify a few things around the spec (#240)
OpenObservability/OpenMetrics: specification/OpenMetrics.md

Double quotes -> '\"' (Bytecode 0x5c 0x22)
Backslash -> '\\' (Bytecode 0x5c 0x5c)

> A double backslashe SHOULD be used to represent a backslash character.
> Single backslash SHOULD NOT be used for undefined escape sequences, but will work.
> As an example, '\\a' is equivilent and preferable to '\a'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A double backslash SHOULD be used to represent a backslash character.
A single backslash SHOULD NOT be used for undefined escape sequences.
As an example, '\\a' is equivalent and preferable to '\a'.
```

Author: Fixed, and also spotted escaping issues in rendered version which I've fixed too.

Double quotes -> '\"' (Bytecode 0x5c 0x22)
Backslash -> '\\' (Bytecode 0x5c 0x5c)

> You SHOULD NOT use a backslash before other characters, as they do not escape.
> '\\a' SHOULD be used instead of the equivialent '\a' for example.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Double backslashes SHOULD be used to escape characters. Single backslash SHOULD NOT be used, but will work for well-defined escape sequences.
As an example, '\\a' escapes and is preferable to '\a'. As another example, '\\n' is preferable even though '\n' also escapes.

```

Author: Your suggestion doesn't make sense as-is, but I've taken the thrust of it.
